Not on my knees.
Your Majesty is meeting with foreign ambassadors.
It'll be here in a minute.
Special villains come to protect your safety.
Who are you?
Why protect her?
This is my oldest son, Ly Van Hieu.
Ask me.
You son of a bitch.
She is
This has nothing to do with you.
All you have to do now is apologize immediately.
Find a way to live for you.
What do you mean?
If I'm not sorry
I will die without a place to be buried.
That's right haha
That's great.
Not to say that I was blessed to become the son of the princess.
Your Majesty himself gave King Security a step to heaven.
Said she tore up the edict in public.
Humiliate the court.
Humiliate the Princess
Disgrace the saint
Nine deaths are to blame.
Unless
You have something arrogant about God.
If not, why are you guilty of this crime?
Why destroy me, this king of peace?
Is it just based on her mouth?
You don't know how to live and die.
You dare hit me.
What hit you?
But there was one thing you said that wasn't wrong.
Destroy you and your family behind you.
It's about talking.
You, you, calm down.
Neither of us can beat this man, I am the King of Security.
What's not to be ridiculed?
Oh, my God.
This man is Your Majesty's blessing.
The front guard brought the leader of 10,000 banished ha ha
What about Your Majesty's family?
This vile woman dared to tear up Your Majesty's holy order in public.
And insulting the royal court and the chief princess.
The Holy Father will absolutely not tolerate her disrespectful behavior.
One piece one cheap
Have you forgotten?
Who is the one hand pulling you to big?
Who gave you a second life?
Who helped you achieve the success you are today?
Current achievements
Current status
It's all about her quietly helping you behind your back.
That's how you treat her now.
Have you thought about your future consequences?